In this lecture, we will run and test the coupon service before we go ahead and do that, go to the
coupon rest controller, DoubleClick to maximize it.
The create method takes a coupon.
as the input here, we need to mark this with request body only
then the incoming Json will be de serialized into this coupon.
And here this code should also be marked with at path variable and we need to tell which variable in
the path  should be used.
So Code will go in there.
So here we are using code as a placeholder.
Whatever value comes in that will go into the code, that value is being injected into this code.
So make sure you have those two request body and path variable.
Once you have those right click on the app run as
Spring Boot app that will launch our application
on Embedded Tomcat server.
While that happens, launch Postman, which is our rest client tool.
Server is up and running.
Click on the plus button.
The first step is to create a coupon.
We have to hit this restful end point here, passing the coupon data, go back, change this request
to post the url http://
localhost : 8080 slash coupon API slash coupons.
So we are adding a new coupon to the coupon collection.
So Coupon API is what is mapped right here to the controller and the controller level.
Then coupons is what we call map to the create method.
Click on Body select raw change it from text to application.
Json open up a flower bracket.
The first field here if you remember from the coupon is the code  discount and a expiry date
code within the double quotes colon within the double quotes super sale all capital super sale is the code name
you can use any code name comma.
The next gui is the discount itself discount.
We have to use the exact same names as we have on the model object.
And the discount is a numeric value, a ten percent discount for this code.
And the last guy is exp date for expiry date within the double quotes.
twelve twelve twenty twenty.
So we got code discount on expiry date.
Id is auto increment field that will be generated in the database hit.
Send and you see a two hundred.
OK, which is good.
And in response you see the id as well.
So at this point if you go to the database and execute a select query on the coupon table, that guy
right there execute you see the coupon record.
One is id code super sale discount and expiry date.
So that restful end point is working.
The next and the last end point here is that get coupon.
So slash coupons slash code if you pass in the code not the id return a coupon back.
And it is a get method.
So go back to Postman, open a new tab.
That is the method.
Grab the url from the previous tab.
Copy, come back.
paste it coupons slash code which is super sale type it in super sale is the code hit send.
There we go.
We get the coupon data back.
So both our end points in the coupon service are working as expected.